Hey Coach Wade,
It was great meeting you at the fight, and congratulations again on your win. That upset was wild! Those judges must have been from a different planet, am I right? People get so passionate about the results of a match, but with all the distractions and obstructions, it's no wonder it can be difficult to call a fight accurately.
I've been following you for a few years now, and I've always admired your professionalism. From what I've seen, you surround yourself with the gentlemen of boxing, the elite professionals in and out of the ring. That's what sparked my interest in reaching out to you for help.
My name is Ruben Dedman, and I'm a part-time boxing coach and full-time automation consultant for computer networking companies. I'm also a proud father of five children, four boys and one girl, with another boy on the way. All of my kids have shown an interest in boxing and track, and I'm excited to see where their passions will take them.
My youngest daughter is only five, but she's already showing an interest in boxing. She takes ballet and piano lessons, loves riding bikes, and running. My son who's 13 has boxed for a couple of years and took a break when I went back to work, but he's also interested in track. He's doing dance now and getting back into boxing. My 17-year-old son was the one I mentioned at the fight. He was very serious about boxing, and we used to live in California where he trained at Churchill Boxing in Santa Monica under Brian Viloria. We moved to San Antonio during the pandemic, and he broke his wrist last year, so he decided to enroll in school to pursue band, cross country, and track.

I look forward to hearing from you. I will be in Vegas June 3 - 8 for Cisco Live convention. If you are available for lunch or dinner let me take you out. 

This was his first time doing track. He's eager to improve, and he's currently 17, 5'6", 125 pounds. He runs the 400m in 56 seconds, the 800 in 2:20, and cross country meets in around 19:53. I remember telling him over a year ago that I would find you and get your help, so it's funny that we randomly bumped into each other at the fight which I decided on going to last minute. We're unsure about what direction to take, but I know that with the right influences, my son can do anything. He works hard, and I'm excited to see what he chooses to do.
